Enforcing exact address (#752)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: guidelines/requests.md

* **Resource** - Resource or domain entity which is the target of the action, always pluralized \(e.g. bills, reservations\)
* **Action** - Name of the action to be performed on the resource \(e.g. getAll, add, delete\)

> The operation address **must match the format specified in the documentation**. It is case-sensitive and cannot include a trailing slash or any additional characters. If the address does not match, the server will respond with `404 Not Found` error.

Reviewer: Maybe make it a breakout?
```suggestion
> **Exact address**: The operation address **must match the specified format exactly**. It is case-sensitive and must not include a trailing slash or any additional characters. If the address does not match the expected format, the server will return a `404 Not Found` error.
```

> > The requested address must exactly match the format specified in the documentation. It is case-sensitive and cannot include a trailing slash or any additional characters. If the address does not match, the server will respond with a` 404 Not Found` error.

Reviewer 2: nitpick: I don't think this should be a block quote, but instead I'd highlight the important part:

```suggestion
The operation address **must match the format specified in the documentation**. It is case-sensitive and cannot include a trailing slash or any additional characters. If the address does not match, the server will respond with `404 Not Found` error.
```
